[DIPLOMAT A] I need to be
at the embassy ASAP.
[DRIVER A] I should have you
there in about 20 minutes, sir.
Huh? The brake's not-- What?
What's going on?
Driver, you keep your
eyes on the damn road!
[MEMBER A] Apparently, one
of our diplomats in Ostania
has died in a car accident.
Though we suspect
he was assassinated
by the east's far-right
political party.
It's becoming clearer by the
day they're trying to push us
into an all-out war.
To protect the people
of Westalis,
we need to know exactly
what they're planning.
Let's put him on the job.
With stakes this high,
we need to use the best
agent in our roster.
"Twilight."
[DETECTIVE A] Just as promised,
photographic proof
that the foreign minister
wears a toupee.
Negatives, too.
Very nicely done.
Yeah, he'll be forced
to resign now.
Well, until next time.
[EDGAR]
Hey!
So how 'bout you hand over
those goods you promised me?
[DETECTIVE A]
Huh? I, uh-- But you were just--
He set me up!
[NARRATOR]
Code name: Twilight.
A spy of the highest caliber.
[NARRATOR] While the nations of
the world waged a fierce war
of information in the shadows,
this master of disguise,
man of a hundred faces,
survived only by the
skills he's honed.
[KAREN] Daddy's been in
such a foul mood lately
because someone stole his
toupee pictures, or something.
I mean, honestly! What a bore.
Robert, are you listening?
Hm? Yes, how unfortunate.
[KAREN gasps]
Oh, would you look at that?
Could that be us one day?
[TWILIGHT]
Karen, let's break up.
Huh?!
[TWILIGHT] I'm afraid you're
just not that intelligent.
Bye. Best of luck to you.
[KAREN]
Robert! Hey!
You can't walk out on me!
Come back here!
[TWILIGHT]
Sorry, Karen,
but I have no further use
of you, or your father.
As of tonight, I'm also
done with "Robert."
Dreams of marriage
and a normal, happy life?
I threw those away the
day I became a spy.
Along with my true identity.
[CONTACT A]
Meow.
[TWILIGHT]
Must be Cipher C.
[TRAIN ANNOUNCER A]
The train bound for Berlint
is now departing on track five.
[CHIEF] Good day, or perhaps,
good evening, Twilight.
Excellent work on
your last assignment.
For the good of our country,
the minister lived to see
another day, all thanks to you.
Now then, here is
your next mission.
Your target is the head of
the National Unity Party:
Donovan Desmond.
A grave threat to the truce
between East and West.
You'll need to get close to him
and probe for any
seditious activities.
In order to achieve this,
you must get married
and have a child.
[TWILIGHT]
Say what?
[CHIEF]
Due to his suspicious nature,
Desmond is almost
a total recluse.
His only social appearances
are at events
held at the elite private
school his son attends.
They serve as informal
get-togethers
for the upper echelon--
politicians and
industrial leaders.
You will have your child
enroll in this school
and infiltrate one of
these social gatherings.
However, the enrollment
deadline is drawing near.
In one week, to be precise.
I'm supposed to have
a kid in seven days?
Ahem. Sorry.
[CHIEF] We're calling
it Operation Strix.
It's the key to maintaining
peace between East and West,
and perhaps the entire world.
You're the type of hero
who casts no shadow.
Your great deeds never
seeing the light of day.
Although you won't receive any
medals or public fanfare,
don't forget that your
blood, sweat, and tears
make everyone else's
day-to-day lives possible
[TWILIGHT]
All right.
I threw away my identity
when I became Twilight,
so I'll take on the
role of "father"
if it means the world
will be a safer place.
[REALTOR A] This is one of
our single-family apartments.
The unit comes furnished,
has central heat and air and--
Um, sir?
[TWILIGHT] No wiretaps,
securable escape routes.
I believe I'll take it.
Excellent, Mister Forger.
Now, if you'd sign
these documents.
[TWILIGHT] Loid Forger.
Occupation, psychiatrist.
That's the role I'll be playing.
A man with a loving family
and a happy home.
[REALTOR A] I'm sure you and
your family will love it here.
So, tell me, do you
have a boy or girl?
[TWILIGHT] Ah, guess I'll
be deciding that soon.
[REALTOR A]
Huh?
[TWILIGHT] It all sounds like
a real burden for a spy.
[doorbell rings]
Hm? So, ya wanna adopt, do ya?
[TWILIGHT]
Indeed, I do.
I heard that your orphanage
was looking for families.
You see, my wife and I--
[DIRECTOR A]
Yeah, yeah.
Just grab whichever
one you want.
They're right this way.
[TWILIGHT]
What a horrible environment.
But a place this shady
is more likely to have
incomplete records.
It'll be easier to come
up with a backstory.
I'll make this mission work
even if it involves a child.
I would've preferred
to handle it on my own,
but no matter how
skilled I may be,
disguising myself as a child
is out of my range.
I should mention, I'd like a
child who can read and write,
if that's possible.
Yeah? I gotcha.
Anya here's the
smartest one we got.
She don't talk much,
but she's a good kid.
[DIRECTOR A] I'd love to get
this weird, creepy little brat
outta my hair once and for all.
C'mon, Anya, say hi.
[TWILIGHT]
Uh. Excuse me.
[TWILIGHT] Eden College only
accepts students six and up.
This girl looks no older
than four or five.
Six. I'm six!
[DIRECTOR A]
You're six years old? Heh.
[TWILIGHT]
She's quite small for that age.
Hm? The newspaper?
Ah, but the crossword puzzle
would be too
difficult for a child.
Of course, for me, it's
more like "child's play."
One down is "homeostasis."
One across is "causal closure."
The one below that is
"symplectomorphism."
[TWILIGHT]
She completed it?
With that kind of intellect,
Eden's entrance
exam'll be a breeze!
Sir, I'll take her.
About the paperwork...
[DIRECTOR A] Don't sweat it.
Just take her home already.
[TWILIGHT] As a spy, getting
that part of the mission done
so easily worries me.
So, is this okay with you?
[ANYA]
A spy on a mission? So cool!
[NARRATOR]
This little girl is a telepath.
Test Subject 007.
She possessed the ability
to read people's minds.
This gift was accidentally
created in an experiment
by a certain organization.
Since fleeing them,
she's been without a
place to truly call home.
[TWILIGHT]
Listen, little girl.
[ANYA]
Anya.
[TWILIGHT]
Listen, Anya.
Starting today,
you will be my daughter,
but if anyone asks, you've
always been my daughter.
Do you understand?
[ANYA]
Yep.
So please make sure that
you address me as "Father."
Papa!
[TWILIGHT]
Close enough.
Hello there, young lady.
Aren't you the most
precious little thing?
We're the Forgers,
and we just moved in.
[ANYA] I'm Anya. I've always
been Papa's daughter.
Oh...
[TWILIGHT]
Didn't need to say that.
Come on, let's go inside.
[ANYA]
This is my house now?
[TWILIGHT]
It is.
[ANYA]
A TV!
You can turn it on.
[TV ANNOUNCER A] Spy Wars,
an animated adventure!
I really like this show.
[TWILIGHT]
Coincidence?
[BONDMAN] A pistol with a
silencer, huh? You're not...
It's so cool!
[TWILIGHT] I'll secure
everything we need,
which includes a
forged ID for her.
I'm stepping out for a bit.
Just sit tight and
watch your show.
[ANYA]
Uh! An adventure!
It's not an adventure--
it's a shopping trip.
[ANYA] Papa! I wanna
pistol with a silencer!
[TWILIGHT]
Sure, if there's one on sale.
To be a master spy,
one must act normally and
not draw any attention.
Today, we're a regular,
inconspicuous family.
[ANYA]
Papa! Please! Save me!
[TWILIGHT]
That's not inconspicuous!
[LADY A]
Now, now, sweetie.
Make sure you've got a good hold
on your daddy's hand, okay?
[TWILIGHT] Having one hand
tied up will make it tough
to counter an enemy ambush,
but I can manage.
[ANYA]
An enemy?!
[TWILIGHT]
Hm?
What're you doing?
I'm hiding!
[TWILIGHT] Did I do something
to make her hide from me?
Maybe I held her hand too
early. Does she hate me?
This is bad.
I need to maintain a good
relationship with her
until the mission's over.
Basic diplomacy dictates
that I know more about her.
Understanding the other party
is the first step toward peace.
[ANYA] Understanding me means
we'll have world peace?
Um, I really like to eat
peanuts, but carrots are gross.
Oh! Bacon from bakenries!
[TWILIGHT] A bakery. I'm afraid
they don't sell bacon.
[ANYA]
This one, please.
[TWILIGHT] That costs a dalc.
A ten-pent coin isn't enough.
[TWILIGHT] Maybe the crossword
puzzle was a fluke.
She honestly doesn't
seem all that bright.
I wonder if I can trade her in--
[ANYA]
No, Papa. Don't leave me!
What is wrong with you?
[ANYA] I promise I'm a good
bargain! Don't get rid of me!
[TWILIGHT]
Now what?
I'll get you peanuts
if you stop crying!
I love peanuts!
[ANYA] Papa, I feel so tired,
I can't walk anymore.
[TWILIGHT]
It's not working.
I don't understand why
she behaves like this.
I think I need some sort
of instruction manual.
"The key factor in
child raising is trust.
Rather than scolding them,
look at things from
their perspective.
Children have trouble putting
how they're feeling into words.
Try to understand them."
No interrogation tactics?
Are all the parents out there
always on such
difficult missions?
"Nurture their self-esteem to
give them a better future.
By giving them the ability
to think for themselves,
their lives will"...
[TWILIGHT]
Soon as this mission's over,
I'm sending her back
to the orphanage.
That's how far our future goes.
[ANYA]
No! Papa, I don't wanna!
Don't make me study!
I need to accurately
measure your intelligence
before you take
the entrance exam.
But I don't need to study to
take some stupid ol' test.
I'll just read people's--
[ANYA]
I'll read their minds!
I hope you're not
planning on cheating.
Listen. if you don't get
into this school, then...
[TWILIGHT]
...my mission fails.
Okay.
[ANYA]
Hm?
I'm stepping out.
And you're staying right here!
You're not coming
with me. Not today.
Huh? Hey! I said, stay put!
I see you! You think
you can hide from me?
There!
[ANYA] Papa is so good
at hide and seek!
This is fun!
[TWILIGHT]
Ha-ha! Try and get outta that!
Wow. That's why you're late?
[TWILIGHT]
I ended up putting a barricade
in front of the door
and trapping her inside.
[FRANKY] Hopefully you don't
get busted for child abuse.
How could anyone know
what children are thinking?
And the whole tactic of crying
until they get their
way is maddening.
I hate to break it to ya, pal,
but crying's like, their job.
Anywho, here's what you wanted.
An application,
exam appointment,
and a copy of the test.
I went through hell
getting these.
I appreciate it, Franky.
If she can memorize the answers,
we have a real shot at passing.
Got some intel on the girl.
Dug up some records, stuff
the orphanage didn't have.
Not a thing about
her birth, though.
Or her real age,
or parents, either.
It's strictly
from the last year.
It says that she's been adopted
and returned four times now.
She's on her third orphanage.
"Anya Williams,
Anya Levski, Anya Roche."
[FRANKY]
Changes names like you.
You guys are a perfect match!
Relax, I'm just kidding.
Focus on your mission.
She may be a cute little kid,
but watch that you don't get
too attached to her, you know?
[TWILIGHT]
Your concern is touching.
What the--? Hey!
Stiffed me.
Forget kids, who in the hell
knows what spies are thinking?
[ANYA]
This is boring.
I thought spies were
a whole lot cooler.
Like we'd be looking
for bombs and stuff.
[TWILIGHT] I can't have her
messing with my spy equipment,
so I'll have to lock it all up.
The code is 6, 1...
[ANYA]
...1, 0.
Bomby-bombs! Bomby-bombs!
Hm?
Huh?
[ANYA]
Bomby-bombs! Bomby-bombs!
Ahh! A spy radio!
Sending secret messages.
[beeping]
[HENCHMAN A] Boss! We've
intercepted a new transmission.
[EDGAR]
Using the West's cipher?
No, doesn't seem to be.
Wait, it's saying,
"This is Twilight here."
Hang on, Twilight?
This is the frequency
Western intelligence uses.
Oh, there's more.
"Catch me if you can."
[EDGAR] Get a location
on the source, stat!
[sighs]
[gasps]
Now you know I'm a spy,
I'll have to make you disappear.
[ANYA] If he finds out
I do telepathy...
...he'll make me leave.
[RESEARCHER A]
Anya, you can't tell anyone
about your power, remember?
It's time for you
to study again, Anya.
[ANYA]
Aww, but I wanna draw.
Don't concern yourself
with childish things.
We need to figure out
how to use your special
power for world peace.
There's no time for tears.
Playtime's over,
and you need to study.
[TWILIGHT] I hope she hasn't
trashed the apartment.
Oh, yeah, gottta move this.
Huh?
The hell are these guys?
Anya!
Kidnapped.
Who sent these thugs
here? And why?
[TWILIGHT] I've gotta find her.
Okay, calm down.
Obviously, this location's
been compromised.
So first off, I need to
secure somewhere safe.
As for Anya, there are lots
of other children out there,
just have to start over
from square one.
[EDGAR]
Who the hell's the brat, anyway?
Is it Twilight's kid
or something?
[HENCHMAN C]
No clue.
She was where that message
came from, so we nabbed her.
[ANYA]
'Cause of the secret message?
[HENCHMAN C] She was
holed up in the apartment
with a barricade out front.
Do you know why?
[HENCHMAN C]
Beats me.
[EDGAR]
No matter.
I think she still might prove
useful to us as a hostage.
We could force Twilight to steal
the foreign minister's
toupee right off his head.
[HENCHMAN D]
Boss.
Maybe we should ditch
the whole toupee thing.
[EDGAR] Transparency is
essential in government,
so toupees are a no-go.
[ANYA]
A pistol with a silencer.
[EDGAR]
Plus, the minister's a traitor
who's been secretly
backing the West.
And anyone who takes a traitor's
side must be a traitor, too!
[ANYA]
He's gotta be a pro bad guy.
Boss!
Looks like Nguyen and his crew
are back from the apartment!
[NGUYEN]
We got him.
Nicely done.
This dude sure as hell
moves like a pro.
He's the real deal.
[HENCHMAN E]
Get yourself together, man.
[EDGAR] Now that I have
your attention, Twilight,
why don't you return those
photographs you stole from me?
[grunting]
What's goin' on? He was just--
[HENCHMAN C]
The kid's gone!
[EDGAR]
He got me again!
[TWILIGHT]
This was a mistake.
Going into enemy territory
put the mission in jeopardy.
I'm not fit to be a spy.
[NGUYEN]
Shut up kid, you're okay.
I'm not gonna hurt ya.
You don't have to be scared.
[ANYA]
Papa!
[TWILIGHT]
This is why kids suck.
Yeah, I guess I know why
the sound of them crying
makes my blood run cold.
Because it reminds me of
my own rotten childhood.
Not a single person out there
ever tried to save me.
I was completely alone and
powerless in the world.
Only thing I could do was cry.
I thought I'd left all
that baggage behind me,
but you can't do that forever.
Something's gonna
trigger those memories.
Now listen to me, little girl.
[ANYA]
Anya.
So, listen, Anya.
Me and my pals there,
we're all pro tag players.
When we see someone who
looks like they can play,
we challenge them to a game.
[ANYA]
Oh. Papa is a liar.
Look.
If you start heading straight
down this street and turn right,
you'll find a police station.
If you can hand this paper
over to a police officer,
you win the game.
You got that?
[TWILIGHT]
If she shows them this,
they'll put her in
a better orphanage.
I can't have a kid mixed
up in this mission.
Gotta rework the whole plan.
Okay? Now, run!
[TWILIGHT]
I'm not cut out to be a spy?
No. I just should've never
put this kid in danger.
How could I forget I'm working
to create the kind of world
where kids won't have
to cry like that.
That's why I'm a spy.
[banging]
[HENCHMAN C]
Don't let him get away!
[HENCHMAN E] We're gonna
drag him outta here
and show his face to the whole--
[HENCHMAN C]
A trap? When did he--?
[HENCHMAN E]
Ugh. This flour, or--?
That Twilight?
Don't shoot! It'll blow!
[HENCHMAN F grunts]
[HENCHMAN G groans]
What in the--?
You're kidding me.
Turn around and you're dead.
[EDGAR]
Twilight.
[TWILIGHT] Good day, or perhaps,
good evening, Edgar.
Tell me, how's Karen doing?
[EDGAR] How do you know
my daughter's name?
[TWILIGHT] It's my job.
That's what spies do.
I know her height, weight,
shoe size, favorite foods,
and the location of
every mole on her body.
She's got nothing
on your rap sheet,
but I know all the times
she's broken the law.
That's absurd!
My Karen would nev--
[TWILIGHT] Edgar, I also
know how much you care
about your daughter, so listen.
If you want your
precious girl to have
any kind of a normal life,
you'll leave me the hell alone.
[TWILIGHT]
If you want that, go home now.
Huh? Anya?
Papa! Papa!
Uh. You're still here.
I mean, what are you doing
outside of the house?
I, uh, just came down here
to do a little shopping,
but I guess they're
out of business.
[ANYA]
Papa is big-time liar.
I was just out playing
tag with some old guys.
[TWILIGHT]
Oh. Did you have fun?
[ANYA]
It was kinda scary.
I wanna go home.
Back to our place, Papa.
You do? You're sure?
[ANYA] If you leave me
behind, I'm gonna cry.
[FRANKY] She's been adopted
and returned four times now.
[TWILIGHT] Anya Williams,
Anya Levski, Anya Roche.
[TWILIGHT]
Okay. Well, let's go home, then.
[TWILIGHT] But we should move
out of that dangerous apartment.
I actually saw a
venomous snake there.
[ANYA]
I don't like snakes.
[ANYA] Papa might be
the world's biggest liar,
but he's a cool liar.
I wanna live in a castle.
[TWILIGHT]
Sure, if there's one to rent.
Once we're there,
you've got to study.
[ANYA grunts]
[TWILIGHT] As long as you
memorize all the answers,
it'll be fine--easy enough.
[bell tolling]
[INVIGILATOR A]
All right, children, begin!
[TWILIGHT] I'm counting on you,
Anya. You've got this!
[overlapping voices]
[BOY B]
This is so hard!
[BOY C] I don't know
any of these answers!
[GIRL A]
Um, eeny, meeny, miny, moe.
[TWILIGHT]
K-212. K-212.
It's there!
You passed! Way to go!
I did good?
You did really good! You--
[ANYA]
Ah! Papa!
[TWILIGHT]
I relaxed for a second
and all my exhaustion
hit at once.
I relaxed? How did
that even happen?
What the hell's wrong with me?
[ANYA]
Please wake up!
Well, he's dead.
[doorbell rings]
[MAILMAN A]
I've got some mail for you!
Forger household?
Um, I'm Anya Forger.
Could you please give this
to your mommy or daddy?
There is no Mama.
Oh, I mean, sorry.
Papa! The mailman
brought this for you!
[gasps]
Ah! What are you doing?
Are you trying to kill me?
[TWILIGHT] Can't believe I fell
asleep in front of someone.
That's unacceptable.
I gotta get a grip.
There's mail!
[TWILIGHT]
A letter from Eden College.
Is something wrong?
"The second phaseof
the admission process
is a family interview.
It is mandatory the applicant
attend with both parents.
Absolutely no exceptions."
But there is no Mama!
[inaudible]